Added resources for Proton Native (#1134)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/122-desktop-applications/102-proton-native.md

# Proton native

Proton Native allows you to create desktop applications through a React syntax, on all platforms.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://proton-native.js.org/'>Official Website and Docs</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hw6vPBfVVeo'>Getting Started With Proton Native</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://proton-native.js.org/'>Official Website and Docs</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hw6vPBfVVeo'>Getting Started With Proton Native</BadgeLink>
```
